Monopoly Rules:

For as long as Monopoly has been around, people have been amending the rulebook to fit their group’s play style. Now Hasbro is giving some of the most common “house rules” a chance to make their way into the classic board game's official rulebook.

On Tuesday, the company announced it has opened up the house rules debate on its Facebook page. On April 3, it will pick the best ones to print as optional rules in the 2015 rulebook. This will mark the first significant change to the official rulebook in almost 80 years, the New York Times notes.

According to a press release, the house rules up for debate are as follows:

    Free Parking, Fast Cash: All taxes and fees will be collected in the middle of the game board, if you land on Free Parking, it's your lucky day: collect all the money from the middle of the board.

    Dash for the Cash: Landed on Go! Amazing, you get to double your salary - 400M dollars instead of 200M Dollars.

    Frozen Assets Rule: When in jail, a player cannot collect any rent money from other players. Sorry about your luck.

    Lucky Roller: Did you just Roll Snake Eyes (double one's)… odds are in your favor, collect 500M Dollars.

    3's a Crowd: Are there 3 players in a row on 3 unique properties? Well done, each player gets an extra 500M Dollars.

    Cash Advance: Don't have enough to buy Boardwalk? With this House Rule, players can make loans between each other to co-own properties. Who collects rent money? That's determined amongst the new property owners!

    Break The Bank: At the start of the game, leave half the money in the bank. Then mix up the other half of the money in the center of a board. On the count of 3 every player grabs what they can! Free For All!

    Mum's the Word: Mum always gets out of jail free. Always. No questions asked. She's just that special.

    See the Sights: Players must travel around the board one complete time before they can begin buying properties. Hurry up and get to GO before everyone else!

    Property Boom: Anxious to begin building? We hear you- with this rule, players do not have to own a complete set of properties before they start to build houses.

Hasbro decided to incorporate the house rules option after a survey conducted by the company revealed that 68 percent of Americans did not read the rule book before playing the game, the press release notes. The survey also revealed that 49 percent of Americans made up their own rules while playing.

"The Monopoly brand has been has been a pop culture phenomenon for nearly 80 years and ‘House Rules' have become an important part of the story of the brand," Jonathan Berkowitz, vice president of marketing at Hasbro, said. "We know Monopoly fans have been using ‘House Rules' for generations to make the game their own, so we wanted to give them the chance to help us identify the most popular ‘House Rules' from around the world to incorporate into the game."